adverb
agentive
aorist
applicative
atelic
auxiliary
benefactive
causative
clitic
coalescence
collexemes
comitative
completive
conjugation
continuative
copula
dative
deictic
demonstrative
demonstratives
derivation
directionality
distal
distinctions
enclitic
equative
ergative
extrafocal
formatives
gerund
imperfective
incompletive
inferential
infinitive
inflectional
intransitive
locative
modal
nominative
obligative
ostensive
participle
participles
perfective
periphrastic
positional
possessive
possessor
predicate
predicates
predication
predicative
predicator
prefixation
preposition
preverbation
preverbs
proprietive
proximal
stative
subjunctive
suffixation
telic
telicity
tense
transitive
transitivity
action noun
applicative extension
areal variation
aspect opposition
aspect system
aspectual character
aspectual system
auxiliary construction
auxiliary function
auxiliary position
case marker
classificatory aspect
clause-initial position
comitative adverb
complement clause
completive aspect
completive status
future tense
constructional format
continuative aspect
continuative marker
dative agent
de-andative future
definite article
definite past
deictic particle
deictic stem
demonstrative pronoun
dependent status
derivational pattern
derivative morpheme
de-venitive future
dialect continuum
direct object
discontinuous auxiliary
discursive particle
distal form
equative copula
equative predication
ergative
finite verb
focus construction
focus position
future construction
future marker
future meaning
future tense
grammaticalization path
grammaticalization process
grammaticalization theory
illocutionary force
immediate future
imperative
imperfective aspect
indirect object
instrumental agent
intransitive subject
intransitive verb
language contact
language family
lexical aspect
main clause
matrix verb
motion-cum-purpose construction
motion verb
movement verb
nasal infix
nasal suffix
nominalized clause
nominalized verb
nominal sentence
nominative agent
nominative subject
oblique agent
passive participle
past participle
past tense
perfective aspect
phase verb
plain copula
polar question
positional auxiliary
possessor prefix
predicative marker
progressive aspect
progressive auxiliary
progressive construction
progressive meaning
root ablaut
root vowel
secondary imperfectivization
serial verb
sigmatic future
simple past
simplex stem
source construction
status suffix
stem derivation
subordinate clause
komma att-future
tense marker
thematic vowel
transitive verb
verbal adjective
verbal noun
verb serialization
word order 

classificatory aspect system
aspect marking function
serial verb construction
present tense stem
past passive participle
passive past participle
past tense marker
nominalized verbal complex
